[Autogenerated] in this clip will get changing the desktop background.
It's probably nothing that ties a computer to a person
as much as their desktop background.
And that's my Windows Through many generations has allowed us
to personalize their desktop background.
We have become used to using wallpapers that reflect our inner artist
to help us to remember family and friends or maybe think about places
that we've been or do we help to visit.
Windows 10 certainly allows you to personalize the appearance of the desktop.
And, as with many other elements of Windows 10 it's even added some new features.
So if you decide you'd like to change the desktop background,
you actually have a few choices.
We'll start by opening the settings out.
Next will select personalization, and with Windows 10 we have a nice preview.
Does lets us see our changes right away.
Now most people will find Windows 10 by default,
is using a picture for their background.
If you scroll down a little bit,
you'll see there's actually some preloaded
wallpapers for our Windows 10 devices.
Just select one of these automatically apply it to your background.
Now, most of us have accumulated some pictures and images over the years,
so you can also select brows and select a picture from your own collection.
But down here below, you actually have a few other options.
As far as how your image will fit on the screen,
just select the current choice and then choose from the
options here to get the best effect.
Besides using a traditional picture for our background,
we can also choose a solid color.
The last trace we have for our background is slideshow how,
by default,
the slide show will go through the pictures that are in our pictures folder.
However,
you can select brows and then navigate to a folder that has some
pictures that you'd like to use for your sideshow.
Now, below this, we have a few settings a defector slideshow against,
like this dropdown menu to change how often our pictures will swap out.
We can have our pictures play an order,
or we could have them shuffle randomly and again under choose
a fit we can select from the options here.
The best one that will work with the pictures in our slide show.
After you've selected your background should also look at colors,
colors has to do with colors that complement the
current background that we're using.
Windows 10 is actually able to look at the back room we're using
and picked the perfect complement color for that.
So you'll notice that this setting automatically pick an accent
color for my background is enabled by default.
In this clip, we've looked at changing the desktop background. Thank you for watching and therefore to seen you in the next clip.